RHDH Test Day - FAB Updates (#997)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-configuring-a-floating-action-button.adoc

[id="{context}"]
= Configuring a floating action button in {product}

> You can use the floating action button plugin to configure any action button as a floating button in any page in the {product-short} instance as you want. The floating action button plugin is enabled by default. You can also configure floating action buttons to display as submenu options within the main floating action button by assigning the floating action buttons to the same slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the floating action button plugin to configure any action button as a floating button in any page in the {product-short} instance. The floating action button plugin is enabled by default. You can also configure floating action buttons to display as submenu options within the main floating action button by assigning the floating action buttons to the same slot.
```
is there a more specific or more literal way to describe what we mean by "the same slot"?

Reviewer: I see now that slot is a field in the configuration - so maybe we can say `slot` field and tell them which file the field is in?

Reviewer 2: "slot" is the position where we want to place the FAB. It only accepts "page-end", "bottom-left" as values, the default being "page-end"

> You can use the floating action button plugin to configure any action button as a floating button in any page in the {product-short} instance. The floating action button plugin is enabled by default. You can also configure floating action buttons to display as submenu options within the main floating action button by assigning the floating action buttons to the same `slot` field of your `app-config-dynamic.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the floating action button plugin to configure any action as a floating button in any page in the {product-short} instance. The floating action button plugin is enabled by default. You can also configure floating action buttons to display as submenu options within the main floating action button by assigning the floating action buttons to the same `slot` field of your dynamic-plugin config map
```
